the spot for a Leone because I think
she's a very talented dancer and today
she shows me why she's talented because
every detail she sees everything if I've
got my toe right then my elbow might be
wrong if my elbows right there my
shoulders are wrong if the shoulders are
down in the right place then the hips
might be wrong so it's every part of my
body
she see a dagger and tries to get the
morning show finish the movement go back
and she's very determined he works
really hard I sure want to do well the
pressures on me because I'm the oldest
and I realize that what I have to do is
sweep that away and get the audience to
forget my age I think I'll do pretty
well at that because I act young I am
young that can be very silly and
childish you know
so cool that that was so cool come hello
well I haven't got the stamina I thought
you had
Jenny I didn't realize it was gonna be
me that was reciting engine
I've just popped him basically to help
Johnny with his dancing I heard that
Aliona had sprained their ankles or done
something to her ankles so I thought
having opportunity for me to pop in and
see how is getting on well you know I've
stood in for a few people in the past
but to actually stand in for one of the
girls is a bit more challenging I think
I'm a little bit tall for Johnny at the
moment and I don't think I'll be wearing
high heels but no it's okay I mean we
used to have dancers we used to dancing
with other men or other girls and to be
touchy-feely it's kind of normal for us
so it doesn't feel weird or anything
like that it just it just feels as I'm
giving him some of my tips